:original_name: rds_faq_0049.html

.. _rds_faq_0049:

Which Types of Logs and Files Occupy RDS Storage Space?
=======================================================

The following logs and files occupy RDS storage space.

.. table:: **Table 1** MySQL database file types

   ========= ========================================================
   DB Engine File Type
   ========= ========================================================
   MySQL     Log files: database undo-log, redo-log, and binlog files
   \         Data files: database content files and index files
   \         Other files: ibdata, ib_logfile0, and temporary files
   ========= ========================================================

.. table:: **Table 2** PostgreSQL database file types

   +------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | DB Engine  | File Type                                                                                                             |
   +============+=======================================================================================================================+
   | PostgreSQL | Log files: database error log and transaction log files                                                               |
   +------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   |            | Data files: database content, index, replication slot data, transaction status data, and database configuration files |
   +------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   |            | Other files: temporary files                                                                                          |
   +------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. table:: **Table 3** Microsoft SQL Server database file types

   +----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
   | DB Engine            | File Type                                                       |
   +======================+=================================================================+
   | Microsoft SQL Server | Log files: database error log, transaction log, and trace files |
   +----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
   |                      | Data files: database content files                              |
   +----------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+

Solution
--------

#. If the original storage space is insufficient as your services grow, scale up storage space of your DB instance.
#. If data occupies too much storage space, run **DROP**, **TRUNCATE**, or **DELETE**\ +\ **OPTIMIZE TABLE** to delete useless historical table data to release storage space. If no historical data can be deleted, scale up your storage space.
#. If temporary files generated by sorting queries occupy too much storage space, optimize your SQL query statements.

   a. A large number of temporary files are generated if there are a large number of sorting queries executed by applications.
   b. A large number of binlog files are generated and occupy space if there are large amounts of insert, delete, and update operations in a short period.
   c. A large number of binlog files are generated if there are a large number of transactions and write operations.

#. Use Cloud Eye to monitor the size, usage, and utilization of storage space of your DB instance and set alarm policies.
